[18.0][MIG] stock_picking_product_assortment (#2262)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_picking_product_assortment/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

This module allows to use the product assortments related to a partner

> on stock pickings. Whith this implementation, on stock pickings, we only allow to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on transfers. With this implementation, on transfers, we only allow to
```

select the products defined on the assortment and we don't allow to select

> products which are not defined in the whitelist on the assortment.

Reviewer: What about the blacklisted products?

Author: Good catch. I've changed it to make it more clear and general.

Author: @jbaudoux Is this PR ok for you now?
